https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-8498 Default alerts thanos (#5799)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/whats_new.adoc

//2.9:6549
* Use the _Fleet view_ switch from the _Overview_ page header for your Grafana metrics to be displayed, and filter the page data by using cluster labels. See, link:../console/console.adoc#console-overview[Console overview] for more details.

//2.9:7362

> * The following alerts are now the default alerts for the Thanos infrastructure: `ACMThanosCompactHalted`, `ACMThanosCompactHighCompactionFailures`, `ACMThanosCompactBucketHighOperationFailures`, `ACMThanosCompactHasNotRun`. See link:../observability/observability_arch.adoc#observability-arch[Observability architecture].

Author: ```suggestion
* The following default alerts are provided for the Thanos compactor: `ACMThanosCompactHalted`, `ACMThanosCompactHighCompactionFailures`, `ACMThanosCompactBucketHighOperationFailures`, `ACMThanosCompactHasNotRun`. See link:../observability/observability_arch.adoc#observability-arch[Observability architecture].
```
